1
Forrest Gump
Tom Hanks,Robin Wright
Drama,Romance
JFK, LBJ, Vietnam, Watergate, and other history unfold through the perspective of an Alabama man with an IQ of 75.
1994
8.8
2
Inception
Leonardo DiCaprio,Joseph Gordon-Levitt,Ellen Page
Action,Adventure,Sci-Fi
A thief, who steals corporate secrets through use of dream-sharing technology, is given the inverse task of planting an idea into the mind of a CEO.
2010
8.8
3
La La Land
Ryan Gosling,Emma Stone
Comedy,Drama,Music
While navigating their careers in Los Angeles, a pianist and an actress fall in love while attempting to reconcile their aspirations for the future.
2016
8.1
4
Raiders of the Lost Ark
Harrison Ford,Karen Allen
Action,Adventure
Archaeologist and adventurer Indiana Jones is hired by the U.S. government to find the Ark of the Covenant before the Nazis.
1981
8.5
5
Star Wars: The Last Jedi
Daisy Ridley,John Boyega,Mark Hamill
Action,Adventure,Fantasy
Having taken her first steps into the larger Jedi world, Rey joins Luke Skywalker on an adventure with Leia, Finn and Poe that unlocks mysteries of the Force and secrets of the past.
2017
10
6
The Dark Knight
Christian Bale,Heath Ledger,Aaron Eckhart
Action,Crime,Drama
When the menace known as the Joker emerges from his mysterious past, he wreaks havoc and chaos on the people of Gotham, the Dark Knight must accept one of the greatest psychological and physical tests of his ability to fight injustice.
2008
9
7
The Lion King
Matthew Broderick,James Earl Jones
Animation,Adventure,Drama
Lion cub and future king Simba searches for his identity. His eagerness to please others and penchant for testing his boundaries sometimes gets him into trouble.
1994
8.5
8
The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King
Elijah Wood,Viggo Mortensen,Ian McKellen
Adventure,Drama,Fantasy
Gandalf and Aragorn lead the World of Men against Sauron's army to draw his gaze from Frodo and Sam as they approach Mount Doom with the One Ring.
2003
8.9
9
The Shawshank Redemption
Tim Robbins,Morgan Freeman
Crime,Drama
Two imprisoned men bond over a number of years, finding solace and eventual redemption through acts of common decency.
1994
9.3