1
Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back
Mark Hamill, Harrison Ford, Carrie Fisher
Action, Adventure, Fantasy
After the rebels are overpowered by the Empire on their newly established base, Luke Skywalker begins Jedi training with Yoda. His friends accept shelter from a questionable ally as Darth Vader hunts them in a plan to capture Luke.
1980
8.8
2
WALL.E
Ben Burtt, Elissa Knight, Jeff Darlin
Animation, Adventure, Family
In the distant future, a small waste-collecting robot inadvertently embarks on a space journey that will ultimately decide the fate of mankind.
2008
8.4
3
The Sixth Sense
Bruce Willis, Haley Joel Osment
Drama, Mystery, Thriller
A boy who communicates with spirits that don't know they're dead seeks the help of a disheartened child psychologist.
1999
8.1
4
Terminator 2
Arnold Schwarzenegger, Linda Hamilton
Action, Sci-Fi, Thriller
A cyborg, identical to the one who failed to kill Sarah Connor, must now protect her ten year old son, John Connor, from a more advanced cyborg.
1991
8.5
5
Spirited Away
Daveigh Chase, Suzanne Pleshette, Miyu Irino
Animation, Adventure, Family
During her family's move to the suburbs, a sullen 10-year-old girl wanders into a world ruled by gods, witches, and spirits, and where humans are changed into beasts.
2001
8.6
6
Hacksaw Ridge
Andrew Garfield, Sam Worthington, Luke Bracey
Biography, Drama, History
WWII American Army Medic Desmond T. Doss, who served during the Battle of Okinawa, refuses to kill people, and becomes the first man in American history to receive the Medal of Honor without firing a shot.
2016
8.2
7
Whiplash
Miles Teller, J.K. Simmons, Melissa Benoist
Drama, Music
A promising young drummer enrolls at a cut-throat music conservatory where his dreams of greatness are mentored by an instructor who will stop at nothing to realize a student's potential.
2014
8.5
8
The Matrix
Keanu Reeves, Laurence Fishburne, Carrie-Anne Moss
Action, Sci-Fi
A computer hacker learns from mysterious rebels about the true nature of his reality and his role in the war against its controllers.
1999
8.7